68Correct - There is a 68.71% chance of being correct.
askme - You ask me another question and I'll beat the sh*t out of you!
bikini - She wore an itsy bitsy teeny weeny!
annoying - Wanna hear the most annoying noise in the world?
alrighty - Our favourite pet detective gives us an alrgihty then!
offer - I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse
rsry - Cleese - I'm really really sorry
ibb - Arnie - I'll be back
king - I am the king of the swingers oh! (Jungle Book)
bing - Monty python, I see you have the machine that goes bing!
bond - The names bond! Jame bond!
boogie - Jungle Boogie!
buddy - Homer - Look buddy...
butthead - Back to the future - What you looking at butthead?
cbye - Homer again - You can kiss my curvy butt gooodbye!
atleast - Leeroy! - At least I got chicken
comply - Robocop - You have 20 seconds to comply.
devoted - Hopelessly devoted to you!
angry - Hulk - Dont make me angry
eeww - Eeeeeeeewww!
eheh - Little Britain - Anne  Eh Eh EEeeehh!
elol - Mwahahahaha
comfail - What we have here is a failure to communicate!
feelgood - James Brown - I feel good, I knew that I would now...
feellucky - What you gotta ask yourself punk is... Clint!
finesthour - With all due respects sir...this will be our finest hour. 
friendship - Boggart - this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship
gdamn - Leeroy! Getting abused.
gifted - Gump - You must be a godamn genius!
chatup - Boggart - Of all the gin goints in the world...
GTFO - Get the F out ma house.
hamster - Monty Python - Your mother was a hamster....
truth - YOU CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH!
hasta - Arnie again... Hasta la vista baby!
hotpussy - Silly song
houston - We have a problem!
lady - Emilie Howard - Little Britain
nofault - Leeroy! Protests innocence after wiping group.
gay - I just went gay!
Lollipops - Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows! - Leslie Gore
lookin - Here's lookin at you kid
loser - Ace Ventura again - You are one pathetic loser!
makelove - Chef - I'm gonna make love to you woman!
mmd - Go ahead! Make my day!
mission - We are on a mission from God! - The Blues Brothers
boyfriend - Why cant I just have a normal boyfriend!
og - Little Britain - It's so hard being the only gay in the village!
ohyeah - Yello - Oh yeah!
iamtheone - Chesney Hawks!
pos - That is one big pile of Sh*t
panther - Pink Panther
shag - Austin Powers - I think your shag-a-delic baby!
shrimp - Dumb and dumber - Why dont we throw another shrimp on the barbie
smokin - Mask - Smoookkinn!
StarTrek - Star tekking accross the universe!
StayAlive - Travolta being plugged by the Beegees!
survival - Leeroys guild - 32.3333% chance of survival
imboss - Throw me a frickin bone here, I am the boss - Dr Evil (Austin Powers)
thinking - I'm trying to think but nothings happening.
tiggers - The wonderful thing about tiggers is I'm the only one! - Whinnie the poo
tree - Back to the future again - Why dont you make like a tree and get outta here.
insult1 - Rowan atkinson - Your head is as empty as a Eunochs underpants
weakestlink - You ARE the weakest link...goodbye!
girls - Hey where is all the white women at?
favour - Why dont you do the world a favour (Grumpy old men)
Wurzel - Oh dear! Oh dear dear dear!
yesmom - Bambi - Yes mother!
theforce - Darth Vader again - The force is strong in you young skywalker
father - Darth Vader, need I say more!
